I gained a lot of new skills while working on this project. Some new design skills that I gained was looking at a photo and breaking down the pictures into simple objects. For example, the table top I used a plane object and the lollypop is a sphere and cylinder object. It was interesting to think about how objects are made up of what shapes. Also figuring out which texture would work the best to make it look closer to the photo. When designing this project, I looked at the photo and broke down the objects into simple shapes. I then figured out how to put the simple shapes together to create those objects. Then I looked at the placements of them and textures and colors. Lastly was the lighting. The tactics from my design approach can be applied in future work because each step of the design was broken down into individiual parts. First was creating the objects, then placing and sizing them, then texturing them. Rather than doing everything at once, it started with something small and built onto it.

New development strategies I used while working on my 3D scene would be that I tested often. For example, when figuring out placements for the objects, I would run the code and check how it looked. I would then make adjustments as needed. As I previously mentioned, the milestones built up to the final project. I learned a lot about how to start and build upon a project as we went along in the lessons. These strategies combined led to the project's completion.

Compitational graphics and visualizations gives me new knowledge and skills that can be applied in my future because I learned a lot about design and the importance of testing frequently. I also gained troubleshooting skills and gained valuable resources that can help me in the future.
